They actually know each other
Where did this kid come from?
Then Mr. Qin, this is all a misunderstanding
Misunderstanding
I don't think it's a misunderstanding
security guard
I don't want to see these two people
You know what I mean?
Who believes to go over and take you there and give me what
Hey let's go
I go by myself I go by myself
President Shangguan
Thank you for your help, you are my partner.
It is natural to help you.
But what are you doing at the Xiao family's auction?
Xiao Lingtian sent my friend here.
I understand, feel free to mention anything you need.
Thanks for leaving it to me now
President Shangguan
Your identity certificate should not be shown for the time being
Don't worry, I'm ready
As expected of President Shangguan
come
I wish the VIP Xiao Family Garden Party the official start